= Cookie Policy =
Cookies are used on the T:UK website in order to allow user sessions to persist, without requiring users to log in every time.  This behaviour can be switched
off by unticking the "Remember me" box on the login screen.


= Advertising Policy =
Any advertising on T:UK is explicitly chosen by the admins as being relevant to the trigpointing community.  No payments are received by T:UK admins for the
placement of any such ads.  

Any advertising is displayed to all users of the site, independent of their previous activity.

There is currently no advertising, or marketing of any kind, on the android application.

= Privacy Policy =

This application is not intended to invade its users' privacy.  The developer has no ulterior motives, nor any wish to explicitly collect personal information 
about users.  There is no user-targetted advertising on T:UK.  

All source code is freely available, enabling this claim to be verified (if you trust that the published app was compiled from this code).

However, it is a location-enabled application, with immature code, and still in alpha test phase.  There are therefore potential privacy breaches, both 
explicit and implicit, which users should be aware of.

=== Collection of personal data ===
An account on TrigpointingUK is not required to use this app.  However, it is expected that most users will provide one, as it will unlock greater functionality.
Providing this will enable the T:UK admins to link your activity on this app with your personal data and activities held on the T:UK website.  This includes, but
is not limited to, your name and email address registered on T:UK.

The application does not explicitly track your location history on the T:UK website.  For example, the "Nearest" screen works from a database stored locally and
does not continually tell the website where you are.  However, implicit information, such as which trigpoints you look at, or which map tiles you request, may 
enable your movements to be pieced together.  And, obviously, if you log a visit to a particular trigpoint at a particular time...!

The app does not (knowingly) obtain or record your phone number.

=== Crash reports ===
While the application is in the alpha test phase, it is expected that there will be widespread bugs in the code.  In order to help the developer fix these as
easily as possible, users' privacy has been compromised somewhat.  In particular, in the preferences screen, there are various options for sending reports
to the developers whenever the application crashes.  These contain as much information about your phone as the application can find, including location, network
names etc.  These reports may also include debug logs from other apps which may, in turn, contain additional personal data beyond the control of T:UK.

Crash reports are stored in Google Docs, and are available only to T:UK admins.


Eventually crash reporting will be switched off by default.  However, during the testing phase, users especially concerned with their privacy should switch
them off in the preferences screen and restart the application.  Users who are somewhat concerned with their privacy, but who wish to help the developers
fix bugs, may wish to leave crash reporting enabled, but switch off "Include syslog", to prevent the possibility of non-T:UK data being exposed.

=== Android Permissions Required ===
In order to install this app, the following permissions are sought from users:
  * Coarse Network Location
  	This shows roughly where you are, based on the mobile phone coverage.
  	
  * Fine Network Location
    This shows exactly where you are, based on the GPS in your phone.
    
  * Full Internet Access
  	This is used to download trigpoint information from www.trigpointinguk.com, and mapping information from OSM and Bing.
  	
  * Modify/delete USB storage contents modify/delete SD card contents
    This enables the app to cache trigpoint information and map tiles.
    
  * Control vibrator
  	Provides haptic feedback during single-finger zooming of photos
  	
  * View Wi-Fi state
  
  * View network state
	


        